A collective narrative of Anthillhacks
A summary of events of what happened at anthillhacks on Day 2
So, you already know about Pradyumna's session on platform economy.
Actually Uma Mudengundi's session preceeded Pradyumna's
Shalini recalling Uma's Session
Nico's comments on Probhir's performance
And this is Probhir Chitrakar, who is expressing that he was happy about yesterday
Alekhya continues with more comments on Probir.
Buffalo herders and buffalos of DD hills, by Dinesh
Deepti's session on Follow sheep quoted by Shweta
Movie screening of infant deaths and malnutrition in women in kerala's tribal area
watch the credits, See you again tomorrow.